      CSE 373 shit all the things philosophy for adults is not comparable. She writes that people who try to compare adults and children “are not comparing one group of apples with another group of apples, they are comparing apples with pears.” (Murris 2) Children are not going to have the same skills or cognitive development as adults, which is going to change what philosophy looks like. Murris writes that “after all, primary children do not ‘do’, for example, mathematics or history as capably as professional mathematicians or historians. Does it, therefore, follow that, either they do not do ‘real’ mathematics or ‘real’ history, or that they should not do those subjects?” (Murris 1) In other words, although children do not have the same skills and backgrounds as adults, they are still as capable of learning philosophy as they are of learning anything else, like math. This means that Murris does not expect children to participate in philosophy perfectly, or even well, compared to adults, but it is the process of learning philosophy that is important.       Another difference between philosophy for children and philosophy for adults, according to Murris, is how they study famous philosophical arguments and participate in philosophical discussions. Murris writes that “doing an academic degree in philosophy involves studying the ‘great philosophers’. This means (ideally) entering into a dialogue with those philosophers – all the time asking oneself (and the philosopher) questions and looking for possible answers to those questions. There is also continuous dialogue with fellow students and tutors, and the written dialogue in essay and paper form. Preparing for dissertations or papers will, for example, involve reading articles in philosophy journals. Despite its sterility, this is still entering an ongoing dialogue.” (Murris 14) Children might study the argument and ideas of ancient philosophers but likely will not engage with the texts in the same depth as adult students. Philosophy for children focuses more on verbal dialogue with peers, over written dialogue with strangers. Th