During my time at Puget Sound Energy, I learned a lot about the difference between working in a professional environment, especially in large organizations, and an academic environment. I realized that in the academic world, we create things in vacuums. Our projects tend to have very few stakeholders, we have clear expectations, and we have all the resources and skills needed to complete projects. However, in large organizations, this is not necessarily the case. I found that the large number of stakeholders and vague expectations and were particularly challenging. During my time at PSE, I found that the building or creating new projects were largely dependent on outside stakeholders and resources. Ultimately, unlike a more academic environment, it takes advocacy and buy in to get stuff done. I, as a particularly quiet person, found this difficult. I found that while the technical knowledge and other soft skills I had going into this internship were useful and important, the ability to navigate large organizations, talk to stranger, and advocate for oneself was much more important to success than anything else. I also had to try to learn how to communicate effectively with people with extremely different backgrounds goals than myself. In school, there are plenty of people with diverse backgrounds, however, we all have a similar knowledge base and approaches to solving problems because we all have similar academic backgrounds and have likely taken the same classes. However, in the workplace, backgrounds vary much more. There is a lot more diversity in how people solve problems and the skills they have to solve problems, which complicates group projects. I had to learn about approaches I didn't necessarily understand. I had to learn about the importance of advocating/selling for one's own ideas. In the academic world, I often had complete control over my project, or in the case of a group project, at least some control. However, in the case of the professional world, especially the large company where I worked, I found that I had little control over some of the projects I was tasked with completing. If I felt that something could be improved, I had to advocate/sell my idea to whoever had the control. As a person who is not particularly skilled at selling things, this was difficult for me. I realized that this is a weakness of mine that I need to improve. I also learned to adapt my expectations around project completion time and control. If it takes a week to schedule a meeting with each of the stakeholders, then a project is going to take a bit of time. 




