One of the themes throughout this class was "get out there and talk to people". Overall, this was the most significant theme to me. I am not super comfortable talking to strangers, but after this class I realize the importance of getting out there and talking to people and the impact that can have on one's path. I also realize the importance social media. Before taking this class, I thought that the heavy use of social media was for those people with a large following like celebrities. However, I recognize now that social media can help you pursue your own activities and interests. Looking back, I know that there are a lot of people I need to thank for getting me to where I am today.
Everyone knows that diversity is important but this class taught me about the impacts of diversity. Morally everyone knows that it is important to include everyone, however, I never realized that this inclusion could have impacted the something as tangible as profits and the design of the product. Additionally, I learned about diversity in general. Before I took this class when I thought diversity was race, ethnicity, gender, and sexual orientation. However, after taking this class I realize that diversity is much more than that. I learned that there is a difference between inherent and acquired diversity and it is important to recognize both. In this class, I also learned that the reasons why there are more women than men in the tech field is complicated. Before taking this class I was unclear on why there was less women than men in the tech field. Sure, I thought that direct discrimination accounted for a part of the gender gap. However, I did not know the other factors contributing to the gender disparity. I think it is important to recognize and prepare for these other factors because as a person who hopes to one day work in the tech industry it is important to prepare for potential obstacles. By acknowledging the reasons why women drop out of the industry, women can make more informed decisions about entering the field. This class often emphasized working smart and working hard. Oftentimes, I find it tempting just to use brute force to solve problems. I like knowing I am getting something done and getting closer to the solution. While brute force is important to working hard, I have to remember that there is more to solving problems than just brute force. I have to make sure I think about how I tackle problems and what problems I am trying to solve. I know that problems are much easier to solve when I break them apart- I just have to remember that the next time I face a large problem. I also learned about the importance of diverse teams in this class. Oftentimes, it is tempting to think that good team members are a particular type of group member. However, it is important to realize that people contribute to group projects in different ways and it is not fair to expect the same contribution from everyone. Also, when in a challenging group, it is important to recognize the power of teamwork and why group projects are important.